c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe.config
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.pdb
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.MainForm.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.pdb
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.AddAccount.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.AddProduct.resources
c:\users\mohammad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.EditProduct.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe.config
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\bin\Debug\Point Of Sale.pdb
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.AddAccount.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.AddProduct.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.EditProduct.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point_Of_Sale.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.exe
C:\Users\mohammad\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Point Of Sale\Point Of Sale\obj\Debug\Point Of Sale.pdb
